---
order: 50
icon: organization
---

# Business Model

### Revenue Streams and Fee Structures <a href="#id-1opuj5n" id="id-1opuj5n"></a>

#### 1. Percentage of 3rd Party Fees <a href="#id-48pi1tg" id="id-48pi1tg"></a>

The platform will charge approximately 20% fees on the tokens purchased from current third-party AI model fees.

&#x20;

Practical Impact: This revenue model ensures a steady income stream while maintaining competitive pricing for access to high-quality AI models from third-party developers.

&#x20;

#### 2. Community AI dMarket <a href="#id-2nusc19" id="id-2nusc19"></a>

The platform will charge approximately 20% fees on all tokens purchased by users from community AI models.

&#x20;

Practical Impact: This fee structure supports the sustainability and growth of the platform by incentivizing community contributions and ensuring that developers are rewarded for their work.

&#x20;

#### 3. Percentage of GPU Fees <a href="#id-1302m92" id="id-1302m92"></a>

The platform will charge approximately 20% fee on GPU compute power that is sold to community AI developers and companies.

Practical Impact: By monetizing the GPU compute resources, the platform can provide affordable computational power to developers, while also generating revenue to support infrastructure and further development.

&#x20;

#### 4. AI Open Source Model Structures <a href="#id-3mzq4wv" id="id-3mzq4wv"></a>

There will be no charge on access to the AI open source model structures. However, developers/data scientists will be required to hold a certain amount of $BLACK tokens.

&#x20;

Practical Impact: This approach encourages the use and improvement of open source models, fostering innovation and collaboration within the community. The requirement to hold $BLACK tokens ensures commitment and investment in the platform's ecosystem.

&#x20;

### Revenue Sharing with Premium Users <a href="#id-2250f4o" id="id-2250f4o"></a>

#### Distribution <a href="#haapch" id="haapch"></a>

30% of Net Platform Revenue: A substantial 30% of the net revenue generated by the platform is earmarked for distribution among our premium account holders.

&#x20;

How It Works: This revenue-sharing initiative is structured to provide tangible rewards to those who have invested in the platform through the acquisition of $BLACK tokens and the active use of our services.

&#x20;

#### Direct Rewards <a href="#id-319y80a" id="id-319y80a"></a>

Practical Impact: Premium users not only access exclusive features and additional credits but also share in the platform profits. This financial benefit is calculated based on the proportion of net revenue the platform earns, reflecting the user's contribution to our collective success.

&#x20;

Enhanced User Experience

Practical Impact: The revenue-sharing model encourages ongoing engagement and investment in the platform, ensuring that premium users not only enjoy advanced features but also share in the financial rewards of the platform's growth.

&#x20;

#### Community Driven <a href="#id-1gf8i83" id="id-1gf8i83"></a>

Practical Impact: By aligning the interests of BlackTail AI with those of our most committed users, we foster a strong, supportive community motivated by mutual success. This approach underpins our mission to innovate and lead in the AI space while rewarding those who help make it possible.

&#x20;

BlackTail's business model is designed to balance monetization with inclusivity, fostering a thriving community of developers and users. The diverse revenue streams and thoughtful fee structures ensure the platform's sustainability while promoting innovation and equitable access to AI resources. The revenue-sharing initiative further strengthens community ties, driving collective success and continuous platform growth.

{% hint style="warning" %}
Final figures are subject to change.
{% endhint %}
